README.md, before:

# National Parks - Java Tomcat Application
This is an example Java Tomcat application packaged by [Habitat](https://habitat.sh). This example app has existed for some time, and another example can be found [here](https://github.com/habitat-sh/national-parks). The differences with this example versus previous examples are the following:

- `core/mongodb` - Previous examples had you build a version of mongodb that was already populated with data before the application 
- `mongo.toml` - This repo includes a `user.toml` file for overriding the default configuration of mongodb
- `core/haproxy` = This repo uses the `core/haproxy` package as a loadbalancer in front of National Parks
- Scaling - In both the `terrform/azure` and `terraform/aws` plans there is a `count` variable which allows you to scale out the web instances to demonstrate the concept of choreography vs orchestration in Habitat.


## Usage
In order run this repo, you must first install Habitat. You can find setup docs on the [Habitat Website](https://www.habitat.sh/docs/install-habitat/).

## Build/Test National-Parks App Locally: 

1. Clone this repo
2. `cd national-parks-demo`
3. Export environment variables to forward ports on the `export HAB_DOCKER_OPTS='-p 8000:8000 -p 8080:8080 -p 8085:8085 -p 9631:9631'`
4. `hab studio enter`
5. `build`
6. `source results/last_build.env`
7. Load `core/mongodb` package from the public depot:  
  `hab svc load core/mongodb`
8. Override the default configuration of mongodb:
   `hab config apply mongodb.default $(date +%s) mongo.toml`
9. Load the most recent build of national-parks: 
   `hab svc load $pkg_ident --bind database:mongodb.default`
10. Load `core/haproxy` from the public depot:
  `hab svc load core/haproxy --bind backend:national-parks.default`
11. Override the default configuration of HAProxy:
  `hab config apply haproxy.default $(date +%s) haproxy.toml`
12. Run `sup-log` to see the output of the supervisor

You should now be able to hit the front end of the national-parks site as follows:

- Directly - `http://localhost:8080/national-parks`  
- HAProxy - `http://localhost:8085/national-parks`

You can also view the admin console for HAProxy to see how the webserver was added dynamically to the load balancer:

http://localhost:8000/haproxy-stats

```
username: admin
password: password
```

### Build a new version of the application
There is also an `index.html` file in the root of the repo that updates the map of the National-Parks app to use red pins and colored map. This can be used to demonstrate the package promotion capabilities of Habitat. 

1. create a new feature branch - `git checkout -b update_homepage`
2. Bump the `pkg_version` in `habitat/plan.sh`
3. Overwrite `src/main/webapp/index.html` with the contents of the `red-index.html` in the root directory _NOTE: the index.html has a version number hard coded on line 38. Update that to your version number if you want it to match.
4. `hab studio enter` 
5. `build`


## Terraform
Included in the repo is terraform code for launching the application in AWS and Google Kubernetes Engine. Provision either AWS, GKE, or both, and then you can watch Habitat update across cloud deployments. 

[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/intro/getting-started/install.html).

### Proivision National-Parks in AWS
You will need to have an [AWS account already created](https://aws.amazon.com)

#### Step
1. `cd terraform/aws`
2. `cp tfvars.example terraform.tfvars`
3. edit `terraform.tfvars` with your own values
4. `terraform apply`

Once the provisioning finishes you will see the output with the various public IP addresses
```
Apply complete! Resources: 0 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.

Outputs:

haproxy_public_ip = 34.216.185.16
mongodb_public_ip = 54.185.74.152
national_parks_public_ip = 34.220.209.230
permanent_peer_public_ip = 34.221.251.189
```

`http://<haproxy_public_ip>:8085/national-parks`
or
`http://<haproxy_public_ip>:8000/haproxy-stats`

### Proivision National-Parks in Azure
You will need to have an [Azure account already created](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/azure-portal/)

#### Step
1. `cd terraform/azure`
2. `terraform init`
3. `az login`
4. `cp tfvars.example terraform.tfvars`
5. edit `terraform.tfvars` with your own values
6. `terraform apply`

Once provisioning finishes you will see the output withthe various public IP addresses:
```
Apply complete! Resources: 19 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.

Outputs:

haproxy-public-ip = 40.76.29.195
instance_ips = [
    40.76.29.123
]
mongodb-public-ip = 40.76.17.2
permanent-peer-public-ip = 40.76.31.133
```

Like in the AWS example, you will be able to access either `http://<haproxy_public_ip>:8085/national-parks`
or
`http://<haproxy_public_ip>:8000/haproxy-stats`

## Scaling out Azure and AWS Deployments
Both the AWS and Azure deployments support scaling of the web front end instances to demonstrate the concept of 'choreography' vs 'orchestration' with Habitat. The choreography comes from the idea that when the front end instances scale out, the supervisor for the HAProxy instance automatically takes care of the adding the new members to the pool and begins balancing traffic correctly across all instances.

### Scaling out
1. In your `terraform.tfvars` add a line for `count = 3`
2. run `terraform apply`
3. Once provisioning finishes, go to the `http://<haproxy-public-ip>:8000/haproxy-stats` to see the new instances in the pool


## Deploy National-Parks in Google Kubernetes Engine
You will need to have an [Google Cloud account already created](https://console.cloud.google.com/), and install the [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/)

### Before you begin
- `git clone https://github.com/habitat-sh/habitat-operator`
- `git clone https://github.com/habitat-sh/habitat-updater`
- create a `terraform.tfvars` 

## Prep for GKE:
You need to have a Docker Hub account set up: https://hub.docker.com/
go to: https://console.cloud.google.com/

You MUST use: the project that was created created within opscode: (Do not not create a new project!)
Enable 2 APIs: Compute Engine API, Kubernetes Engine API
1. From the Dashboard, goto APIs and Services, search for 'compute'
click on 'Compute Engine API', then click 'Enable'
2. From the Dashboard, goto APIs and Services, search for 'compute'
click on 'Kubernetes Engine API', then click 'Enable'

Create a credentials file:
From the Dashboard, goto APIs and Services, click 'credentials', then click 'create credentials', click 'Service account key', select 'JSON', fill in 'service account name' with something ex: np-gke, role should be set to owner.
This will download the json file to your local machine. 
- Update terrafrom.tfvars file: gke_credentials_file = 'location/of/json-creds.json'
- Shorten the tag_customer, tag_project, and habitat_origin: (the name cannot be longler 40 char)
- gke_project = 'your-gke-projectid' , ex: gke_project = "eric-heiser-project"

Test the configuration:
`gcloud init`
`cd terraform/gke`
`terraform init`
`terraform validate`
`terraform apply`


Publish both national-parks-demo and mongodb images to DockerHub with Builder or manually (see end of README for manual steps)

### Provision Kubernetes
1. `cd terraform/gke`
2. `terraform apply`
3. When provisioning completes you will see two commands you need to run:

   - `1_creds_command = gcloud container clusters get-credentials...`
   - `2_admin_permissions = kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding...`

### Deploy Habitat Operator and Habitat Updater
First we need to deploy the Habitat Operator
1. `git clone https://github.com/habitat-sh/habitat-operator`
2. `cd habitat-operator`
3. `kubectl apply -f examples/rbac/rbac.yml`
4. `kubectl apply -f examples/rbac/habitat-operator.yml`
kubectl apply -f examples/rbac/rbac.yml && kubectl apply -f examples/rbac/habitat-operator.yml

Now we can deploy the Habitat Updater
1. `git clone https://github.com/habitat-sh/habitat-updater`
2. `cd habitat-updater`
3. `kubectl apply -f kubernetes/rbac/rbac.yml`
4. `kubectl apply -f kubernetes/rbac/updater.yml`
kubectl apply -f kubernetes/rbac/rbac.yml && kubectl apply -f kubernetes/rbac/updater.yml

### Deploy National-Parks into Kubernetes
Now that we have k8s stood up and the Habitat Operator and Updater deployed we are are ready to deploy our app.
1. `cd national-parks-demo/terraform/gke/habitat-operator`
2. Deploy the GKE load balancer: `kubectl create -f gke-service.yml`
3. Next, edit the `habitat.yml` template with the proper origin names on lines 19 and 36
4. Deploy the application: `kubectl create -f habitat.yml`
kubectl create -f gke-service.yml && kubectl create -f habitat.yml

Once deployment finishes you can run `kubectl get all` and see the running pods:
```
$ kubectl get all
NAME                                   READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/habitat-operator-c7c559d7b-z5z7m   1/1     Running   0          3d1h
pod/habitat-updater-578c99fbcd-kbs2d   1/1     Running   0          3d1h
pod/national-parks-app-0               1/1     Running   0          2d14h
pod/national-parks-db-0                1/1     Running   0          3d1h

NAME                        TYPE           CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP     PORT(S)          AGE
service/kubernetes          ClusterIP      10.47.240.1     <none>          443/TCP          3d2h
service/national-parks      NodePort       10.47.241.104   <none>          8080:30001/TCP   3d1h
service/national-parks-lb   LoadBalancer   10.47.254.247   35.227.157.16   80:31247/TCP     3d1h

NAME                                     DESIRED   CURRENT   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.extensions/habitat-operator   1         1         1            1           3d1h
deployment.extensions/habitat-updater    1         1         1            1           3d1h

NAME                                               DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.extensions/habitat-operator-c7c559d7b   1         1         1       3d1h
replicaset.extensions/habitat-updater-578c99fbcd   1         1         1       3d1h

NAME                               DESIRED   CURRENT   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/habitat-operator   1         1         1            1           3d1h
deployment.apps/habitat-updater    1         1         1            1           3d1h

NAME                                         DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/habitat-operator-c7c559d7b   1         1         1       3d1h
replicaset.apps/habitat-updater-578c99fbcd   1         1         1       3d1h

NAME                                  DESIRED   CURRENT   AGE
statefulset.apps/national-parks-app   1         1         3d1h
statefulset.apps/national-parks-db    1         1         3d1h
```

Find the `EXTERNAL-IP` for `service/national-parks-lb`:

`http://<EXTERNAL-IP>/national-parks`


### To update the GKE cluster:
Make sure that you have the DockerHub integration set with your <origin>/national-parks-demo
Change the pins from red to blue, or vice-versa
example: 
`cp blue-index.html src/main/webapp/index.html`

Initiate the build of the new artifact. This can be done manually or with the Github integration
Github:
`git commit -am 'changing from red to blue pins, vX.X.X'`
`git push`
Builder will watch your repo (generally national-parks-demo) and kick off a build, then publish to DockerHub.
At this point the new build is published to both Builder and DockerHub. The habitat-updater is watching for a 
new 'latest' version in Builder and will create new pod that is referenced with the 'latest' tag in DockerHub

If your DockerHub integration is not working (generally because you changed the integration after saving it the first time), you can do this manually:



### Create the DockerHub images
(used chef-cft/np-mongo, but you can also use the core plan core/mongodb)
Create a mongodb repo on Docker Hub. Fork https://github.com/chef-cft/np-mongo
do a git clone of YOUR fork ex: `git clone https://github.com/ericheiser/np-mongo.git`
`cd np-mongo` 
`hab studio enter`
`build`
`source results/last_build.env`
`hab pkg upload results/$pkg_artifact`
`hab pkg export docker results/$pkg_artifact`

Login to Docker Hub
`docker login --username=yourhubusername --password=YourPassword`
`docker login --username=yourhubusername`  <-- will prompt for password
`docker push YourOrigin/np-mongo`

### To update the gke cluster manually the steps are:
  create a new build of national-parks
  export to docker and push the image to DockerHub
  push the HART to Builder
  promote the package to the stable channel

Individual steps as follows: (as much as possible from within the studio)
`cd national-parks`
`hab studio enter`
`build`
`source results/last_build.env`
`hab pkg export docker results/$pkg_artifact`
`hab pkg install -b core/docker`
`docker login`
`docker push <docker_repo>/national-parks:latest`
`hab pkg upload results/$pkg_artifact`
`hab pkg promote $pkg_ident stable`





to quickly spin up the demo locally after mongodb and national-parks images are pushed to DockerHub.
change `docker-compose.yml` to use your DockerHub repo line 8.
ex: `     image: ericheiser/national-parks:latest`

Then run: `docker-compose up`
To clean up, run: `docker-compose down`

Commit message:

Updating README
Signed-off-by: Scott Ford <scott@scottford.io>

README.md, after:

# Enterprise Automation Stack - National Parks - Java Tomcat Application
This is an example Java Tomcat application packaged by [Habitat](https://habitat.sh) on VMs hardened and patched by Chef and Audited by Inspec using the "Effortless" pattern. This example app has existed for some time, and another example can be found [here](https://github.com/habitat-sh/national-parks). The differences with this example versus previous examples are the following:

- `core/mongodb` - Previous examples had you build a version of mongodb that was already populated with data before the application 
- `mongo.toml` - This repo includes a `user.toml` file for overriding the default configuration of mongodb
- `core/haproxy` = This repo uses the `core/haproxy` package as a loadbalancer in front of National Parks
- Scaling - In both the `terrform/azure` and `terraform/aws` plans there is a `count` variable which allows you to scale out the web instances to demonstrate the concept of choreography vs orchestration in Habitat.


## Usage
In order run this repo, you must first install Habitat. You can find setup docs on the [Habitat Website](https://www.habitat.sh/docs/install-habitat/).

## Build/Test National-Parks App Locally: 

1. Clone this repo
2. `cd national-parks-demo`
3. Export environment variables to forward ports on the `export HAB_DOCKER_OPTS='-p 8000:8000 -p 8080:8080 -p 8085:8085 -p 9631:9631'`
4. `hab studio enter`
5. `build`
6. `source results/last_build.env`
7. Load `core/mongodb` package from the public depot:  
  `hab svc load core/mongodb`
8. Override the default configuration of mongodb:
   `hab config apply mongodb.default $(date +%s) mongo.toml`
9. Load the most recent build of national-parks: 
   `hab svc load $pkg_ident --bind database:mongodb.default`
10. Load `core/haproxy` from the public depot:
  `hab svc load core/haproxy --bind backend:national-parks.default`
11. Override the default configuration of HAProxy:
  `hab config apply haproxy.default $(date +%s) haproxy.toml`
12. Run `sup-log` to see the output of the supervisor

You should now be able to hit the front end of the national-parks site as follows:

- Directly - `http://localhost:8080/national-parks`  
- HAProxy - `http://localhost:8085/national-parks`

You can also view the admin console for HAProxy to see how the webserver was added dynamically to the load balancer:

http://localhost:8000/haproxy-stats

```
username: admin
password: password
```

### Build a new version of the application
There is also an `index.html` file in the root of the repo that updates the map of the National-Parks app to use red pins and colored map. This can be used to demonstrate the package promotion capabilities of Habitat. 

1. create a new feature branch - `git checkout -b update_homepage`
2. Bump the `pkg_version` in `habitat/plan.sh`
3. Overwrite `src/main/webapp/index.html` with the contents of the `red-index.html` in the root directory _NOTE: the index.html has a version number hard coded on line 38. Update that to your version number if you want it to match.
4. `hab studio enter` 
5. `build`


## Terraform
Included in the repo is terraform code for launching the application in AWS and Google Kubernetes Engine. Provision either AWS, GKE, or both, and then you can watch Habitat update across cloud deployments. 

[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/intro/getting-started/install.html).

### Deploy Chef Automate
1. `cd terraform/chef-automate/(aws|azure|gcp)`
2. `cp tfvar.example terraform.tfvars`
3. `$EDITOR terraform.tfvars`
4. `terraform apply`

Once you automate instance is up it will output credentials to login and an automate token:

```
Outputs:

a2_admin = admin
a2_admin_password = <password>
a2_token = <token>
a2_url = https://scottford-automate.chef-demo.com
chef_automate_public_ip = 34.222.124.23
chef_automate_server_public_r53_dns = scottford-automate.chef-demo.com
```

### Proivision National-Parks in AWS
You will need to have an [AWS account already created](https://aws.amazon.com)

#### Step
1. `cd terraform/aws`
2. `cp tfvars.example terraform.tfvars`
3. edit `terraform.tfvars` with your own values and add in the `automate_url` and `automate_token` from the previous step
4. `terraform apply`

Once the provisioning finishes you will see the output with the various public IP addresses
```
Apply complete! Resources: 0 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.

Outputs:

haproxy_public_ip = 34.216.185.16
mongodb_public_ip = 54.185.74.152
national_parks_public_ip = 34.220.209.230
permanent_peer_public_ip = 34.221.251.189
```

`http://<haproxy_public_ip>:8085/national-parks`
or
`http://<haproxy_public_ip>:8000/haproxy-stats`

### Proivision National-Parks in Azure
You will need to have an [Azure account already created](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/azure-portal/)

#### Step
1. `cd terraform/azure`
2. `terraform init`
3. `az login`
4. `cp tfvars.example terraform.tfvars`
5. edit `terraform.tfvars` with your own values and add in the `automate_url` and `automate_token` from the previous step
6. `terraform apply`

Once provisioning finishes you will see the output withthe various public IP addresses:
```
Apply complete! Resources: 19 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.

Outputs:

haproxy-public-ip = 40.76.29.195
instance_ips = [
    40.76.29.123
]
mongodb-public-ip = 40.76.17.2
permanent-peer-public-ip = 40.76.31.133
```

Like in the AWS example, you will be able to access either `http://<haproxy_public_ip>:8085/national-parks`
or
`http://<haproxy_public_ip>:8000/haproxy-stats`

## Scaling out Azure and AWS Deployments
Both the AWS and Azure deployments support scaling of the web front end instances to demonstrate the concept of 'choreography' vs 'orchestration' with Habitat. The choreography comes from the idea that when the front end instances scale out, the supervisor for the HAProxy instance automatically takes care of the adding the new members to the pool and begins balancing traffic correctly across all instances.

### Scaling out
1. In your `terraform.tfvars` add a line for `count = 3`
2. run `terraform apply`
3. Once provisioning finishes, go to the `http://<haproxy-public-ip>:8000/haproxy-stats` to see the new instances in the pool


## Deploy National-Parks in Google Kubernetes Engine
You will need to have an [Google Cloud account already created](https://console.cloud.google.com/), and install the [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/)

### Before you begin
- `git clone https://github.com/habitat-sh/habitat-operator`
- `git clone https://github.com/habitat-sh/habitat-updater`
- create a `terraform.tfvars` 

## Prep for GKE:
You need to have a Docker Hub account set up: https://hub.docker.com/
go to: https://console.cloud.google.com/

You MUST use: the project that was created created within opscode: (Do not not create a new project!)
Enable 2 APIs: Compute Engine API, Kubernetes Engine API
1. From the Dashboard, goto APIs and Services, search for 'compute'
click on 'Compute Engine API', then click 'Enable'
2. From the Dashboard, goto APIs and Services, search for 'compute'
click on 'Kubernetes Engine API', then click 'Enable'

Create a credentials file:
From the Dashboard, goto APIs and Services, click 'credentials', then click 'create credentials', click 'Service account key', select 'JSON', fill in 'service account name' with something ex: np-gke, role should be set to owner.
This will download the json file to your local machine. 
- Update terrafrom.tfvars file: gke_credentials_file = 'location/of/json-creds.json'
- Shorten the tag_customer, tag_project, and habitat_origin: (the name cannot be longler 40 char)
- gke_project = 'your-gke-projectid' , ex: gke_project = "eric-heiser-project"

Test the configuration:
`gcloud init`
`cd terraform/gke`
`terraform init`
`terraform validate`
`terraform apply`


Publish both national-parks-demo and mongodb images to DockerHub with Builder or manually (see end of README for manual steps)

### Provision Kubernetes
1. `cd terraform/gke`
2. `terraform apply`
3. When provisioning completes you will see two commands you need to run:

   - `1_creds_command = gcloud container clusters get-credentials...`
   - `2_admin_permissions = kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding...`

### Deploy Habitat Operator and Habitat Updater
First we need to deploy the Habitat Operator
1. `git clone https://github.com/habitat-sh/habitat-operator`
2. `cd habitat-operator`
3. `kubectl apply -f examples/rbac/rbac.yml`
4. `kubectl apply -f examples/rbac/habitat-operator.yml`
kubectl apply -f examples/rbac/rbac.yml && kubectl apply -f examples/rbac/habitat-operator.yml

Now we can deploy the Habitat Updater
1. `git clone https://github.com/habitat-sh/habitat-updater`
2. `cd habitat-updater`
3. `kubectl apply -f kubernetes/rbac/rbac.yml`
4. `kubectl apply -f kubernetes/rbac/updater.yml`
kubectl apply -f kubernetes/rbac/rbac.yml && kubectl apply -f kubernetes/rbac/updater.yml

### Deploy National-Parks into Kubernetes
Now that we have k8s stood up and the Habitat Operator and Updater deployed we are are ready to deploy our app.
1. `cd national-parks-demo/terraform/gke/habitat-operator`
2. Deploy the GKE load balancer: `kubectl create -f gke-service.yml`
3. Next, edit the `habitat.yml` template with the proper origin names on lines 19 and 36
4. Deploy the application: `kubectl create -f habitat.yml`
kubectl create -f gke-service.yml && kubectl create -f habitat.yml

Once deployment finishes you can run `kubectl get all` and see the running pods:
```
$ kubectl get all
NAME                                   READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/habitat-operator-c7c559d7b-z5z7m   1/1     Running   0          3d1h
pod/habitat-updater-578c99fbcd-kbs2d   1/1     Running   0          3d1h
pod/national-parks-app-0               1/1     Running   0          2d14h
pod/national-parks-db-0                1/1     Running   0          3d1h

NAME                        TYPE           CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP     PORT(S)          AGE
service/kubernetes          ClusterIP      10.47.240.1     <none>          443/TCP          3d2h
service/national-parks      NodePort       10.47.241.104   <none>          8080:30001/TCP   3d1h
service/national-parks-lb   LoadBalancer   10.47.254.247   35.227.157.16   80:31247/TCP     3d1h

NAME                                     DESIRED   CURRENT   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.extensions/habitat-operator   1         1         1            1           3d1h
deployment.extensions/habitat-updater    1         1         1            1           3d1h

NAME                                               DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.extensions/habitat-operator-c7c559d7b   1         1         1       3d1h
replicaset.extensions/habitat-updater-578c99fbcd   1         1         1       3d1h

NAME                               DESIRED   CURRENT   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/habitat-operator   1         1         1            1           3d1h
deployment.apps/habitat-updater    1         1         1            1           3d1h

NAME                                         DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/habitat-operator-c7c559d7b   1         1         1       3d1h
replicaset.apps/habitat-updater-578c99fbcd   1         1         1       3d1h

NAME                                  DESIRED   CURRENT   AGE
statefulset.apps/national-parks-app   1         1         3d1h
statefulset.apps/national-parks-db    1         1         3d1h
```

Find the `EXTERNAL-IP` for `service/national-parks-lb`:

`http://<EXTERNAL-IP>/national-parks`


### To update the GKE cluster:
Make sure that you have the DockerHub integration set with your <origin>/national-parks-demo
Change the pins from red to blue, or vice-versa
example: 
`cp blue-index.html src/main/webapp/index.html`

Initiate the build of the new artifact. This can be done manually or with the Github integration
Github:
`git commit -am 'changing from red to blue pins, vX.X.X'`
`git push`
Builder will watch your repo (generally national-parks-demo) and kick off a build, then publish to DockerHub.
At this point the new build is published to both Builder and DockerHub. The habitat-updater is watching for a 
new 'latest' version in Builder and will create new pod that is referenced with the 'latest' tag in DockerHub

If your DockerHub integration is not working (generally because you changed the integration after saving it the first time), you can do this manually:



### Create the DockerHub images
(used chef-cft/np-mongo, but you can also use the core plan core/mongodb)
Create a mongodb repo on Docker Hub. Fork https://github.com/chef-cft/np-mongo
do a git clone of YOUR fork ex: `git clone https://github.com/ericheiser/np-mongo.git`
`cd np-mongo` 
`hab studio enter`
`build`
`source results/last_build.env`
`hab pkg upload results/$pkg_artifact`
`hab pkg export docker results/$pkg_artifact`

Login to Docker Hub
`docker login --username=yourhubusername --password=YourPassword`
`docker login --username=yourhubusername`  <-- will prompt for password
`docker push YourOrigin/np-mongo`

### To update the gke cluster manually the steps are:
  create a new build of national-parks
  export to docker and push the image to DockerHub
  push the HART to Builder
  promote the package to the stable channel

Individual steps as follows: (as much as possible from within the studio)
`cd national-parks`
`hab studio enter`
`build`
`source results/last_build.env`
`hab pkg export docker results/$pkg_artifact`
`hab pkg install -b core/docker`
`docker login`
`docker push <docker_repo>/national-parks:latest`
`hab pkg upload results/$pkg_artifact`
`hab pkg promote $pkg_ident stable`





to quickly spin up the demo locally after mongodb and national-parks images are pushed to DockerHub.
change `docker-compose.yml` to use your DockerHub repo line 8.
ex: `     image: ericheiser/national-parks:latest`

Then run: `docker-compose up`
To clean up, run: `docker-compose down`
